Dr. Kang…
Oh, no. She looks all haggard now.
Poor Dr. Kang.
Darn it…
Follow them with the chicken.
These Southern guys…
Their fried chicken is…
Come here.
An influential spy like you
must be confident
that the party will never abandon you.
Of course not.
I'll be abandoned eventually.
Defect to the South,
then the ANSP will protect you.
If you want,
they'll give you a new identity,
and you can continue to be a doctor.
For that to happen,
the opposition party must win.
If we can let people know this hostage
situation is a scheme for the election,
we stand a chance.
Besides, it's not a rigged election
anymore. People go vote themselves.
The transfer of power…
It's possible.
All those revolutions
and missions…
Don't you want to live…
freely without them?
Can I have a cup of coffee?
What are you doing, Comrade Kang?
Are you betraying our country too?
Comrade Kang!
Comrade Joo.
I know you won't change your mind easily.
Shut up.
I get that you like that wench.
But how could you choose her
over your family in the North?
"Lim Soo-ho
could commit treason any moment.
So if you sense any change in
his ideology, kill him."
I guess I was ordered so for a reason.
Who ordered to kill me?
Even if you get out of here alive,
you can't go back to the North.
And you won't be able to live freely
here with that wench either.
Because our country will
hunt you down and kill you.
Answer my question.
Who ordered you?
That doesn't matter.
You were a card to discard to begin with.